README.md, before:

Adafruit_ADS1015
================

Driver for TI's ADS1015: 12-bit Differential or Single-Ended ADC with PGA and Comparator
<!-- START COMPATIBILITY TABLE -->

## Compatibility

MCU               | Tested Works | Doesn't Work | Not Tested  | Notes
----------------- | :----------: | :----------: | :---------: | -----
Atmega328 @ 16MHz |      X       |             |            | 
Atmega328 @ 12MHz |      X       |             |            | 
Atmega32u4 @ 16MHz |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins D2 &amp; D3
Atmega32u4 @ 8MHz |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins D2 &amp; D3
ESP8266           |      X       |             |            | SDA/SCL default to pins 4 &amp; 5 but any two pins can be assigned as SDA/SCL using Wire.begin(SDA,SCL)
Atmega2560 @ 16MHz |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins 20 &amp; 21
ATSAM3X8E         |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins 20 &amp; 21
ATSAM21D          |      X       |             |            | 
ATtiny85 @ 16MHz  |      X       |             |            | Use 0 for SDA, 2 for SCL
ATtiny85 @ 8MHz   |      X       |             |            | Use 0 for SDA, 2 for SCL

  * ATmega328 @ 16MHz : Arduino UNO, Adafruit Pro Trinket 5V, Adafruit Metro 328, Adafruit Metro Mini
  * ATmega328 @ 12MHz : Adafruit Pro Trinket 3V
  * ATmega32u4 @ 16MHz : Arduino Leonardo, Arduino Micro, Arduino Yun, Teensy 2.0
  * ATmega32u4 @ 8MHz : Adafruit Flora, Bluefruit Micro
  * ESP8266 : Adafruit Huzzah
  * ATmega2560 @ 16MHz : Arduino Mega
  * ATSAM3X8E : Arduino Due
  * ATSAM21D : Arduino Zero, M0 Pro
  * ATtiny85 @ 16MHz : Adafruit Trinket 5V
  * ATtiny85 @ 8MHz : Adafruit Gemma, Arduino Gemma, Adafruit Trinket 3V

<!-- END COMPATIBILITY TABLE -->

Commit message:

Adafruit_ADS1015::begin(TwoWire* wire) allows custom TwoWire interface to be passed in - now supports any Wire, Wire1, etc. for ESP32.
Static methods i2cread(), i2cwrite(), writeRegister(), readRegister() using global Wire instance are now refactored as class methods which uses m_Wire pointer.

README.md, after:

Adafruit_ADS1015
================

Driver for TI's ADS1015: 12-bit Differential or Single-Ended ADC with PGA and Comparator
<!-- START COMPATIBILITY TABLE -->

## Compatibility

MCU                | Tested Works | Doesn't Work | Not Tested  | Notes
-----------------  | :----------: | :----------: | :---------: | -----
Atmega328 @ 16MHz  |      X       |             |            | 
Atmega328 @ 12MHz  |      X       |             |            | 
Atmega32u4 @ 16MHz |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins D2 &amp; D3
Atmega32u4 @ 8MHz  |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins D2 &amp; D3
ESP8266            |      X       |             |            | SDA/SCL default to pins 4 &amp; 5 but any two pins can be assigned as SDA/SCL using Wire.begin(SDA,SCL)
ESP32              |      X       |             |            | SDA/SCL default to pins 21 &amp; 22 but any two pins can be assigned as SDA/SCL using Wire.begin(SDA,SCL); alternative Wire instance also supported
Atmega2560 @ 16MHz |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins 20 &amp; 21
ATSAM3X8E          |      X       |             |            | Use SDA/SCL on pins 20 &amp; 21
ATSAM21D           |      X       |             |            | 
ATtiny85 @ 16MHz   |      X       |             |            | Use 0 for SDA, 2 for SCL
ATtiny85 @ 8MHz    |      X       |             |            | Use 0 for SDA, 2 for SCL

  * ATmega328 @ 16MHz : Arduino UNO, Adafruit Pro Trinket 5V, Adafruit Metro 328, Adafruit Metro Mini
  * ATmega328 @ 12MHz : Adafruit Pro Trinket 3V
  * ATmega32u4 @ 16MHz : Arduino Leonardo, Arduino Micro, Arduino Yun, Teensy 2.0
  * ATmega32u4 @ 8MHz : Adafruit Flora, Bluefruit Micro
  * ESP8266 : Adafruit Huzzah
  * ESP32 : ESP32-DevKitC V2, TTGO Lora V2.0
  * ATmega2560 @ 16MHz : Arduino Mega
  * ATSAM3X8E : Arduino Due
  * ATSAM21D : Arduino Zero, M0 Pro
  * ATtiny85 @ 16MHz : Adafruit Trinket 5V
  * ATtiny85 @ 8MHz : Adafruit Gemma, Arduino Gemma, Adafruit Trinket 3V

<!-- END COMPATIBILITY TABLE -->
